docs(filemanager): Improve OnDownload documentation (#1835)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/filemanager/events.md

### OnDownload

> The `OnDownload` event fires before a file is to be downloaded. The event is cancellable. The event handler argument is an `FileManagerDownloadEventArgs` object. See the [example](#example).

Reviewer: Can you try rephrasing "a file is to be downloaded"? Avoid the passive voice and try to describe the exact action that triggers the event.

#### Downloading Large Files

The files are downloaded with the help of a Base64 data URL, which is sent to the browser through `JSInterop`. JavaScript code generates an `<a>` tag with an [object URL](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/URL/createObjectURL_static) on the web page and the tag is clicked programmatically, so that the browser shows its Save File dialog. Large files (tens or hundreds of megabytes) may hit the browser's max data URL length or some memory threshold. In such cases:

* Use the [Microsoft JSInterop approach and serve the file directly from the server to the user](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/blazor/file-downloads?view=aspnetcore-6.0#download-from-a-url).
* Start the Microsoft JSInterop algorithm from the FileManager's `OnDownload` handler, but cancel the event to prevent duplicate downloads.

> * Vote for the [FileManager feature request to expose a Proxy Url](https://feedback.telerik.com/blazor/1633629) for serving files from the server to the browser.

Reviewer: As this is not one of the required steps mention this as a tip.
```suggestion

>tip You can also vote for the [FileManager feature request to expose a Proxy URL](https://feedback.telerik.com/blazor/1633629) for serving files from the server to the browser.
```

> #### Downloading Server Files in WebAssembly apps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Downloading Server Files in WebAssembly Apps
```

> A FileManager in a WebAssembly app is likely to display files that exist on a remote server. In such cases, downloading can use the following algorithm:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A FileManager in a WebAssembly app usually displays files from a remote server. In such cases, use the following download approach:
```
